
Cloudli Connect Training
How to Manage On-Hold Music and Advertisements 

Lynn Daviault
1/5/26
Cloudli Connect Training





How to Manage On-Hold Music and Advertisements
This guide provides a step-by-step process to manage on hold music and in queue advertising for call centers. 
Ensure that you are in the account for your customer for whom you wish to set-up on-hold music. Select "Telephony" from the sidebar navigation.

Select "Music on hold".
There are three options under the "Music on hold" submenu:
Messages/Advertisements - spoken messages to be played while callers are on hold.
Music - tracks to be played while callers are on hold.
Music on hold - the combination of music and messages/advertisements desired when callers are on hold.

Select “Messages/Advertisements”.







In the main content area, you will see any previously recorded advertising. 

To create a new message, click “New” in the top right corner.





Enter the description for the advertising message to be recorded, and enter the text that corresponds to the audio message.

Select whether you wish to upload an existing .wav file from your computer, record the message using your Cloudli IP phone, or select Text-to-Speech option.




Click “Save and Continue”.

You will see a confirmation that your advertising message was created. Click "Advertising" to return to the main page for Messages/Advertisements.




On the main page, you will see all the available advertising messages, including the message that you just created.

To add music for on-hold, click “Music”.





In the main content area, you will see the "Beep every 5 seconds option", the included Cloudli Connect free music, and any tracks that you may have previously uploaded to the account.

To add a new music track, click “New”.


Enter a name for the track in the title field, then select "Choose File" to select an mp3 file from your computer.

Click “Save and Continue”.



You will see confirmation that your track was created. Click "Music tracks" to return to the main content area for music.

On this page, you will see the track you just created along with the previously noted entries.





To create a mix of music and advertising, click "Music on hold".

In the main content area, you will see any previously created mixes of music and advertising tracks.





To create a new mix of music tracks and advertising, click "New".

Enter the description for the mix you are creating.





Select whether or not this will be a default mix.

Select which musical tracks you want to include in the mix, from the pre-existing sounds as well as tracks that you have uploaded.





Select which promotional messages that you have created that you wish to have interspersed with the selected musical tracks.

Select the desired delay option.





Click “Save and Continue”.

You will receive a confirmation message that your hold music was created. Click "Custom on hold" to return to the main content area for Music on hold.



In the main content area, you will see the mix you just created, alongside the previously created mixes.


